If an internal PHP function, such as `call_user_func`, in the backtrace, the 'file' and 'line' not be available. (#528)
yiisoft/yii2-debug: CHANGELOG.md

2.1.26 under development
------------------------

> - Bug #528: Fix the backtrace, the 'file' and 'line' not be available (zymeli)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug #528: Fix `yii\debug\Panel::getTraceLine()` to handle backtrace for internal PHP functions (zymeli)
```
